tainment television face of the year
female please welcome mr. Kunal Das
Gupta CEO Sony Entertainment Television
a very good evening to all of you I know
that you may not be aware that Singapore
is where we beam our signals from Saudi
Entertainment Television has been
beaming signals out of Singapore for the
last 10 years into various parts of the
world and I hope very soon we shall be
able to bring you the signals to SCV in
Singapore
it's my pleasure now to ask the
announced the Sony new face of the
female and it's none other than Amrita
Rao here all the AV please
beyond
what
well this is my first trip to Singapore
and I must say beautiful dazzling
amazing all these adjectives are an
understatement it's my first trip to the
iPod as well and well it couldn't get
any better thank you very much everybody
who thought I was deserving for this and
thank you all of you for being here and
now it's my pleasure to announce the new
face of the year mail someone who you
just saw a few minutes ago which made a
huge please successful debut Shahid
Kapoor and we didn't see the AVP
ladies and gentlemen presenting mr.
Spencer College raji mother
yeah
it's good
it
screaming Thank You Sony Thank You iPods
it's wonderful being here this is a very
very large stadium with the audience
with even a bigger heart I think you've
all been wonderful tonight thank you
very much for this award I'd like to
thank my director the producers of my
film all micro artists thank you so much
it's about giving here good evening